From holthausnewsweeguiowaedu James R Holthaus
Subject Re Fighting the Clipper Initiative

przsagecgducaredu Philip Zimmermann writes

Philip
I think your ideas are well taken and constructive  Thanks for
articulating them in this forum

2  Work the Press  Talk with your local newspapers science and
technology reporter  Write to your favorite trade rags  Better yet
write some articles yourself for your favorite magazines or
newspapers  Explain why the Clipper chip initiative is a bad idea 
Remember to tailor it to your audience  The general public may be
slow to grasp why its a bad idea since it seems so technical and
arcane and innocent sounding  Try not to come across as a flaming
libertarian paranoid extremist even if you are one 

As a flaming libertarian paranoid extremist  Iat a loss for
specific objections that dont sound frighteningly technical  Any
suggestions  Perhaps somebody could post a list of these

5  Mobilize opposition in industry  Companies that will presumably
develop products that will incorporate the Clipper chip should be
lobbied against it from within and from without  If you work for a
telecommunications equipment vendor first enlist the aid of your
coworkers and fellow engineers against this initiative and then
present your companys management with a united front of engineering
talent against this initiative  Write persuasive memos to your
management with your name and your colleagues names on it  Hold
meetings on it
 
One way to do this might be to suggest that these companies should be
implementing their own schemes not being limited to the govts
scheme

I find that most of my reasons for opposition to the CLipper scheme
are algoritm insecurity and mistrust of the govtNSA  These are hard 
to sell in letters to the editor and to nontechnical people  Any
hints or advice  Maybe a small FAQtype thing Why should I Hate
Clipper would be a good idea
 
James Holthaus  jamesholthausuiowaedu
   Government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us   
              Leo Tolstoy                                                 
PGP 22 Public key available on request or from key server
