From rdippoldqualcommcom Ron Asbestos Dippold
Subject Re Once tapped your code is no good any more


geoffficuscsuclaedu Geoffrey Kuenning writes
Bullshit  The Bush administration and the career Gestapo were
responsible for this horror and the careerists presented it to the
new presidency as a fait accompli  That doesnt excuse Clinton and
Gore from criticism for being so stupid as to go for it but lets lay
the body at the proper door to start with

The final stages of denial I can hardly imagine what the result
would have been if the Clinton administration had actually supported
this plan instead of merely acquiescing with repugnance as theyve so
obviously doing  I dont believe the chip originated with the Clinton
administration either but the Clinton administration has embraced it
and brought it to fruition

Both of the major parties have what they consider excellent reasons
for limiting your freedoms and violating your privacy and even seem
to feel that theyre doing you a favor  If this is really surprising
to anyone it means theyve been willfully ignoring quite a bit of
previous evidence  Theres only one political party not calling
anarchists a party that considers your freedom and privacy goals
worthy in and of themselves  If youre voting for the big two youre
supporting a reduction of those rights given their goals and their
histories regardless of whether you personally support that
reduction  To paint Clinton and Gore as unwitting tools is really
stretching things

 
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite  Churchill
