From smbresearchattcom Steven Bellovin
Subject Re Once they get your keys

In article 930424031634176183DOCKMASTERNCSCMIL GrantDOCKMASTERNCSCMIL Lynn R Grant writes
 About 50 people so far have asked Once the FBI gets your Clipper keys
 wont they be able to read all your future and past traffic
 
 There has been no response from NIST NSA Ms Denning Mr Hellman or
 anyone else who might be able to give us an authoritative answer
 This is troubling
 
 Didnt NSA think about this  Or is it a feature and they thought we
 wouldnt notice
 
 I would have thought that by now they would have responded with something
 of the form Well that wont be a problem because 

Don Alvarez posted a good partial solution to this problem to
comprisks  Ill present my variant on it instead since I feel its a
bit stronger against some likely attempts to cheat  depends on the
protocol thats followed for reading traffic  Briefly the cops get a
wiretap warrant and record the call  They then notice the encryption
and the disclosure header  It along with a copy of their warrant is
sent to the FBI or whoever it is who holds the family key  The
Fholder decrypts the header and sends the serial number N and the
encrypted session key UK to the escrow agents  They in turn use U1
and U2 to recover K and send that to the local police

Note how this solves the problem of wiretapping forever  Neither the
cops nor the FBI ever see U so they cant read other traffic  Every
request must be validated by both the FBI and the escrow agents  The
cops and the FBI together cant cheat since they dont have U  I
regard that as a likely pairing of folks who might try to beat the
system  Its to prevent this that I modified Alvarezs scheme  The
escrow agents cant read the conversation since they dont have it
all they have is N and UK  And the police dont even see N

Its harder to see how to block decryption of old warrantless
wiretaps  There is one protection  you have to persuade the escrow
agents that the call is current  But thats not nearly as strong
There are approaches I can see that might work involving sequences of
data on an unalterable medium complete with cryptographic protection
against insertion onto a new medium  But I dont have anything yet
that isnt too complex for comfort or too hard to install in the real
world  The NSA might have an answer they may or may not be smarter
than me but Ive been working on this for a week and theyve had years
