From whitakereternitydemoncouk Russell Earl Whitaker
Subject From Crossbows to Cryptography

BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE

Please note that the following speech was made by Chuck Hammill
in 1987  Address all letters to his address given at the end
of this document
      Russell

  FROM CROSSBOWS TO CRYPTOGRAPHY  THWARTING THE STATE VIA
                     TECHNOLOGY

  Given at the Future of Freedom Conference November 1987


     You   know   technologyand   particularly   computer
technologyhas often gotten a bad rap in  Libertarian  cir
cles  We tend to think of Orwells 1984 or Terry Gilliams
Brazil  or  the  proximity  detectors keeping East Berlins
slavecitizens on their own side of the border or  the  so
phisticated  bugging  devices  Nixon used to harass those on
his enemies list  Or we recognize that for the price  of
a  ticket  on  the Concorde we can fly at twice the speed of
sound but only if we first walk thru a magnetometer run  by
a  government  policeman and permit him to paw thru our be
longings if it beeps

     But I think that mindset is a mistake   Before  there
were cattle prods governments tortured their prisoners with
clubs  and  rubber  hoses    Before  there  were lasers for
eavesdropping governments used binoculars and  lipreaders
Though  government certainly uses technology to oppress the
evil lies not in the tools but in the wielder of the tools

     In fact technology represents one of the most  promis
ing  avenues  available  for  recapturing our freedoms from
those who have stolen them  By its very nature  it  favors
the  bright  who can put it to use over the dull who can
not  It favors the adaptable who are  quick  to  see  the
merit  of  the  new  over  the sluggish who cling to time
tested ways  And what two better words are  there  to  de
scribe government bureaucracy than dull and sluggish

     One  of  the  clearest  classic triumphs of technology
over tyranny I see is  the  invention  of  the  manportable
crossbow   With it an untrained peasant could now reliably
and lethally engage a target out to  fifty  meterseven  if
that  target  were  a mounted chainmailed knight  Unlike
the longbow which admittedly was more powerful and  could
get  off  more shots per unit time the crossbow required no
formal training to utilize   Whereas the  longbow  required
elaborate  visual  tactile  and kinesthetic coordination to
achieve any degree of accuracy the wielder  of  a  crossbow
could simply put the weapon to his shoulder sight along the
arrow  itself and be reasonably assured of hitting his tar
get

     Moreover since just about  the  only  mounted  knights
likely  to  visit  your  average peasant would be government
soldiers and tax collectors the utility of the  device  was
plain    With it the common rabble could defend themselves
not only against one another but against their governmental
masters   It was the  medieval  equivalent  of  the  armor
piercing  bullet  and consequently kings and priests the
medieval equivalent of a  Bureau  of  Alcohol  Tobacco  and
Crossbows  threatened  death  and  excommunication respec
tively for its unlawful possession

     Looking at later developments we  see  how  technology
like  the  firearmparticularly the repeating rifle and the
handgun later followed by the Gatling gun and more advanced
machine gunsradically altered the balance of interpersonal
and intergroup power  Not without reason was the Colt  45
called the equalizer  A frail dancehall hostess with one
in  her  possession  was  now  fully able to protect herself
against the brawniest roughneck in any saloon    Advertise
ments  for  the period also reflect the merchandising of the
repeating cartridge  rifle  by  declaring  that  a  man  on
horseback  armed with one of these rifles simply cannot be
captured  And as long as his captors  were  relying  upon
flintlocks  or  singleshot rifles the quote is doubtless a
true one

     Updating now to  the  present  the  publickey  cipher
with  a  personal  computer to run it represents an equiv
alent quantum leapin a defensive weapon    Not  only  can
such  a technique be used to protect sensitive data in ones
own possession but it can also permit two strangers to  ex
change   information   over   an   insecure   communications
channela  wiretapped   phone   line   for   example   or
skywriting for that matterwithout ever having previously
met  to  exchange cipher keys   With a thousanddollar com
puter you can create a cipher that  a  multimegabuck  CRAY
XMP  cant  crack in a year  Within a few years it should
be economically feasible to similarly encrypt voice communi
cations soon after that fullcolor digitized video images
Technology will not only have made wiretapping obsolete  it
will  have  totally demolished governments control over in
formation transfer

     Id like to take just a moment to sketch the  mathemat
ics  which makes this principle possible  This algorithm is
called the RSA algorithm after Rivest Shamir and  Adleman
who  jointly created it  Its security derives from the fact
that if a very large number is  the  product  of  two  very
large  primes  then it is extremely difficult to obtain the
two prime factors from analysis  of  their  product    Ex
tremely  in  the  sense that if primes  p  and  q  have 100
digits apiece then their 200digit product cannot  in  gen
eral be factored in less than 100 years by the most powerful
computer now in existence

     The  public part of the key consists of 1 the prod
uct  pq  of the two large primes p and q and 2  one  fac
tor  call it  x   of the product  xy  where  xy  p1 
q1  1  The private part of the key consists  of  the
other factor  y

     Each  block of the text to be encrypted is first turned
into an integereither by using ASCII  or  even  a  simple
A01  B02  C03   Z26 representation  This integer
is then raised to the power  x modulo pq and the resulting
integer is then sent as the encrypted message  The receiver
decrypts by taking this integer to the  secret  power    y
modulo  pq  It can be shown that this process will always
yield the original number started with

     What makes this a groundbreaking development  and  why
it  is  called  publickey  cryptography  is  that I can
openly publish the product  pq and the number   x     while
keeping  secret  the number  y  so that anyone can send me
an encrypted message namely
                       x
                     a    mod pq  
but only I can recover the original message  a   by  taking
what  they  send raising it to the power  y  and taking the
result mod pq  The risky step meeting to exchange cipher
keys has been eliminated  So people who may not even trust
each other enough to want to meet may  still  reliably  ex
change  encrypted  messageseach  party having selected and
disseminated his own  pq  and his  x     while  maintaining
the secrecy of his own  y

     Another benefit of this scheme is the notion of a dig
ital signature to enable one to authenticate the source of
a given message  Normally if I want to send you a message
I raise my plaintext  a  to your x and take the result  mod
your pq  and send that

    However  if in my message I take the plaintext  a and
raise it to my secret power  y   take the result  mod my
pq then raise that result to your x   mod  your  pq  and
send this then even after you have normally decrypted the
message  it  will still look like garbage  However if you
then raise it to my public power x    and take  the  result
mod  my public pq   so you will not only recover the ori
ginal plaintext message but you will know that no one but I
could have sent it to you since no one else knows my secret
y

     And these are the very concerns by the way that are to
day tormenting the Soviet Union about the whole question  of
personal  computers    On the one hand they recognize that
American schoolchildren are right now growing up  with  com
puters  as commonplace as sliderules used to bemore so in
fact because there are things computers can do  which  will
interest  and instruct 3 and 4yearolds  And it is pre
cisely these students who one generation hence will be going
headtohead against their Soviet  counterparts    For  the
Soviets  to  hold  back might be a suicidal as continuing to
teach swordsmanship  while  your  adversaries  are  learning
ballistics    On  the  other hand whatever else a personal
computer may be it is also an exquisitely efficient copying
machinea floppy disk will hold upwards of 50000 words  of
text  and  can  be  copied in a couple of minutes  If this
werent threatening enough the computer that  performs  the
copy  can also encrypt the data in a fashion that is all but
unbreakable  Remember that in Soviet society  publicly  ac
cessible  Xerox  machines are unknown   The relatively few
copying machines in existence  are  controlled  more  inten
sively than machine guns are in the United States

     Now  the  conservative position is that we should not
sell these computers to the Soviets because they could  use
them  in weapons systems  The liberal position is that we
should sell them in  the  interests  of  mutual  trade  and
cooperationand  anyway  if  we dont make the sale there
will certainly be some other nation willing to

     For my part Im ready to suggest that the  Libertarian
position should be to give them to the Soviets for free and
if  necessary make them take them    and if that doesnt
work load up an SR71  Blackbird  and  air  drop  them  over
Moscow in the middle of the night  Paid for by private sub
scription of course not taxation    I confess that this
is not a position that has gained much support among members
of  the conventional leftright political spectrum but af
ter all in the words of one of Illuminatuss characters we
are political nonEuclideans   The shortest distance  to  a
particular  goal may not look anything like what most people
would consider a straight line    Taking  a  long  enough
worldview  it is arguable that breaking the Soviet govern
ment monopoly on information transfer could better  lead  to
the enfeeblement and indeed to the ultimate dissolution of
the Soviet empire than would the production of another dozen
missiles aimed at Moscow

     But  theres  the rub  A long enough world view does
suggest that the evil the oppressive the coercive and  the
simply  stupid  will get what they deserve but whats not
immediately clear is how the rest of  us  can  escape  being
killed enslaved or pauperized in the process

    When  the  liberals and other collectivists began to at
tack freedom they possessed a reasonably  stable  healthy
functioning economy and almost unlimited time to proceed to
hamstring   and   dismantle  it    A  policy  of  political
gradualism was at least  conceivable    But  now  we  have
patchwork  crazyquilt  economy held together by baling wire
and spit  The state not only taxes us to  feed  the  poor
while also inducing farmers to slaughter milk cows and drive
up food pricesit then simultaneously turns around and sub
sidizes research into agricultural chemicals designed to in
crease  yields of milk from the cows left alive  Or witness
the fact that a decline in the price of oil is considered as
potentially frightening as a comparable increase a few years
ago  When the price went up  we  were  told  the  economy
risked  collapse for for want of energy  The price increase
was called the moral equivalent of war and the Feds  swung
into  action    For the first time in American history the
speed at which you drive your car to work in the morning be
came an issue of Federal concern   Now when the  price  of
oil  drops again we risk problems this time because Ameri
can oil companies and Third World  basketcase  nations  who
sell  oil  may  not  be  able to ever pay their debts to our
grossly overextended banks  The suggested panacea is  that
government  should now reraise the oil prices that OPEC has
lowered via a new oil tax  Since the government is seeking
to raise oil prices to about the same extent  as  OPEC  did
what  can we call this except the moral equivalent of civil
warthe government against its own people

     And classically in international trade can you imag
ine any entity in the world except  a  government  going  to
court  claiming  that  a  vendor  was  selling  it goods too
cheaply and demanding not only that that naughty  vendor  be
compelled by the court to raise its prices but also that it
be punished for the act of lowering them in the first place

     So  while the statists could afford to take a couple of
hundred years to trash our  economy  and  our  libertieswe
certainly  cannot  count  on  having an equivalent period of
stability in which to reclaim them   I contend  that  there
exists  almost  a  black  hole  effect in the evolution of
nationstates just as in the evolution of stars  Once free
dom contracts beyond a certain  minimum  extent  the  state
warps  the fabric of the political continuum about itself to
the degree that subsequent reemergence of  freedom  becomes
all but impossible  A good illustration of this can be seen
in the area of socalled welfare payments  When those who
sup  at the public trough outnumber and thus outvote those
whose taxes must replenish the trough  then  what  possible
choice has a democracy but to perpetuate and expand the tak
ing  from  the few for the unearned benefit of the many  Go
down to the nearest welfare office find just  two  people
on  the dole    and recognize that between them they form
a voting bloc that can forever outvote you on  the  question
of who owns your lifeand the fruits of your lifes labor

     So essentially those who love liberty need an edge of
some  sort  if  were ultimately going to prevail  We obvi
ously  cant  use  the  altruists  otherdirectedness  of
work  slave suffer sacrifice so that next generation of
a billion random strangers can  live  in  a  better  world
Recognize  that however immoral such an appeal might be it
is nonetheless an extremely powerful one in todays culture
If you can convince  people  to  work  energetically  for  a
cause caring only enough for their personal welfare so as
to  remain  alive  enough  and  healthy  enough  to continue
workingthen you have a truly massive reservoir  of  energy
to draw from  Equally clearly this is just the sort of ap
peal which tautologically cannot be utilized for egoistic or
libertarian goals  If I were to stand up before you tonight
and say something like Listen follow me as I enunciate my
noble cause contribute your money to support the cause
give  up  your  free  time  to  work for the cause strive
selflessly to bring it about and then after you  and  your
children are dead maybe your childrens children will actu
ally  live under egoismyoud all think Id gone mad  And
of course youd be right  Because the point Im  trying  to
make is that libertarianism andor egoism will be spread if
when and as individual libertarians andor egoists find it
profitable andor enjoyable to do so    And  probably  only
then

     While I certainly do not disparage the concept of poli
tical  action I dont believe that it is the only nor even
necessarily the most costeffective path  toward  increasing
freedom  in  our time  Consider that for a fraction of the
investment in time money and effort I might expend in  try
ing  to  convince  the  state to abolish wiretapping and all
forms of censorshipI can teach every libertarian whos in
terested  how  to   use   cryptography   to   abolish   them
unilaterally

     There  is  a  maxima proverbgenerally attributed to
the Eskimoes which very likely most Libertarians  have  al
ready  heard    And while you likely would not quarrel with
the saying you might well feel that youve heard  it  often
enough already and that it has nothing further to teach us
and moreover that maybe youre even tired of hearing it  I
shall therefore repeat it now

     If you give a man a fish the saying runs you feed him
for a day  But if you teach a man how to fish you feed him
for a lifetime

     Your exposure to the quote was probably in some sort of
a  workfare  vs  welfare  context  namely that if you
genuinely wish to help someone in need you should teach him
how to earn his sustenance not simply how to  beg  for  it
And of course this is true if only because the next time he
is hungry there might not be anybody around willing or even
able to give him a fish whereas with the information on how
to fish he is completely self sufficient

     But  I  submit  that this exhausts only the first order
content of the quote and if there were nothing  further  to
glean  from  it  I would have wasted your time by citing it
again  After all it seems to have almost a cryptoaltruist
slant as though to imply that we should structure  our  ac
tivities  so  as  to  maximize  the  benefits to such hungry
beggars as we may encounter

     But consider

     Suppose this Eskimo doesnt know how to  fish  but  he
does  know  how  to hunt walruses   You on the other hand
have often gone hungry while traveling thru  walrus  country
because  you  had  no idea how to catch the damn things and
they ate most of the fish you could catch  And now  suppose
the  two  of  you  decide to exchange information bartering
fishing knowledge for hunting knowledge   Well  the  first
thing  to  observe  is  that  a  transaction  of  this  type
categorically and unambiguously refutes the Marxist  premise
that  every  trade  must  have a winner and a loser the
idea that if one person gains it must necessarily be at the
expense of another person who loses  Clearly under  this
scenario such is not the case  Each party has gained some
thing  he  did  not have before and neither has been dimin
ished in any way  When it comes to exchange of  information
rather  than material objects life is no longer a zerosum
game  This is an extremely powerful notion   The  law  of
diminishing   returns   the  first  and  second  laws  of
thermodynamicsall those laws which constrain our possi
bilities in other contextsno longer bind us   Now  thats
anarchy

     Or  consider  another possibility  Suppose this hungry
Eskimo never learned  to  fish  because  the  ruler  of  his
nationstate    had  decreed fishing illegal   Because fish
contain dangerous tiny bones and sometimes sharp spines he
tells us the state has decreed that their  consumptionand
even  their  possessionare  too  hazardous to the peoples
health to be permitted    even by knowledgeable  willing
adults   Perhaps it is because citizens bodies are thought
to be government property and therefore it is the  function
of the state to punish those who improperly care for govern
ment  property    Or perhaps it is because the state gener
ously extends to competent adults the benefits it provides
to children and to the mentally ill  namely  a  fulltime
allpervasive supervisory conservatorshipso that they need
not  trouble  themselves  with making choices about behavior
thought physically risky or morally naughty  But in  any
case  you  stare stupefied while your Eskimo informant re
lates how this law is taken so seriously that  a  friend  of
his was recently imprisoned for years for the crime of pos
session of nine ounces of trout with intent to distribute

     Now  you  may  conclude  that  a society so grotesquely
oppressive as to enforce a law of this  type  is  simply  an
affront to the dignity of all human beings  You may go far
ther  and  decide to commit some portion of your discretion
ary recreational time specifically to the task of thwarting
this tyrants goal  Your rationale may be altruistic  in
the   sense   of  wanting  to  liberate  the  oppressed  or
egoistic in the sense of  proving  you  can  outsmart  the
oppressoror  very likely some combination of these or per
haps even other motives

     But since you have zero desire to become a  martyr  to
your cause youre not about to mount a military campaign
or  even try to run a boatload of fish through the blockade
However it is here that technologyand in  particular  in
formation technologycan multiply your efficacy literally a
hundredfold    I say literally because for a fraction of
the effort and virtually none of  the  risk  attendant  to
smuggling in a hundred fish you can quite readily produce a
hundred  Xerox copies of fishing instructions  If the tar
geted government like presentday America at least permits
open  discussion  of  topics  whose  implementation  is  re
stricted  then that should suffice  But if the government
attempts to suppress the flow of information as  well  then
you will have to take a little more effort and perhaps write
your  fishing manual on a floppy disk encrypted according to
your mythical Eskimos publickey parameters  But as far as
increasing realworld access to fish you have  made  genuine
nonzero  headwaywhich  may  continue to snowball as others
redisseminate the information you have provided   And  you
have not had to waste any of your time trying to convert id
eological  adversaries or even trying to win over the unde
cided  Recall Harry Brownes dictum  from  Freedom  in  an
Unfree World that the success of any endeavor is in general
inversely proportional to the number of people whose persua
sion is necessary to its fulfilment

     If  you  look  at  history you cannot deny that it has
been dramatically shaped by men with names like  Washington
Lincoln        Nixon      Marcos    Duvalier   
Khadaffi     and their ilk  But it has also been  shaped
by  people with names like Edison Curie Marconi Tesla and
Wozniak  And this latter shaping has been at least as  per
vasive and not nearly so bloody

     And  thats  where  Im  trying  to  take The LiberTech
Project  Rather than beseeching the state to please not en
slave plunder or constrain us I propose a libertarian net
work spreading  the  technologies  by  which  we  may  seize
freedom for ourselves

     But here we must be a bit careful  While it is not at
present  illegal  to  encrypt  information  when government
wants to spy on you there is no guarantee of what  the  fu
ture  may hold  There have been bills introduced for exam
ple which would have made it a crime  to  wear  body  armor
when government wants to shoot you  That is if you were to
commit certain crimes while wearing a Kevlar vest then that
fact  would  constitute a separate federal crime of its own
This law to my knowledge has not passed    yet     but
it does indicate how government thinks

     Other  technological  applications  however do indeed
pose legal risks  We recognize for  example  that  anyone
who  helped a preCivil War slave escape on the underground
railroad was making a clearly illegal use of technologyas
the sovereign government of the United States of America  at
that time found the buying and selling of human beings quite
as  acceptable  as  the buying and selling of cattle  Simi
larly during Prohibition anyone who used  his  bathtub  to
ferment  yeast and sugar into the illegal psychoactive drug
alcoholthe controlled substance winewas using  technol
ogy  in a way that could get him shot dead by federal agents
for his crimeunfortunately not to be  restored  to  life
when  Congress  reversed itself and repermitted use of this
drug

     So    to quote a former President  unindicted  co
conspirator  and pardoned felon    Let me make one thing
perfectly clear  The LiberTech Project does not  advocate
participate  in or conspire in the violation of any lawno
matter how oppressive  unconstitutional  or  simply  stupid
such  law may be  It does engage in description for educa
tional and informational  purposes  only  of  technological
processes  and some of these processes like flying a plane
or manufacturing a firearm may well require appropriate li
censing to perform legally    Fortunately  no  license  is
needed  for  the  distribution or receipt of information it
self

     So the next time you look at the political  scene  and
despair  thinking  Well  if 51 of the nation and 51 of
this State and 51 of this city have  to  turn  Libertarian
before  Ill  be  free  then  somebody might as well cut my
goddamn throat now and put me out of my  miseryrecognize
that  such  is not the case  There exist ways to make your
self free

     If you wish to explore such techniques via the Project
you are welcome to give me your name and addressor a  fake
name  and  mail  drop for that matterand youll go on the
mailing list for my erraticallypublished newsletter    Any
friends  or acquaintances whom you think would be interested
are welcome as well  Im not even asking for stamped  self
addressed envelopes since my printer can handle mailing la
bels and actual postage costs are down in the noise compared
with  the  other  efforts  in getting an issue out   If you
should have an idea to share or even a  useful  product  to
plug  Ill be glad to have you write it up for publication
Even if you want to be the proverbial free rider and  just
benefit  from  what others contributeyoure still welcome
Everything will be public domain feel free to  copy  it  or
give it away or sell it for that matter cause if you can
get  money  for  it while Im taking fullpage ads trying to
give it away youre certainly entitled to  your  capitalist
profit     Anyway every application of these principles
should make the world just a little freer and Im certainly
willing to underwrite that at least for the forseeable  fu
ture

     I  will leave you with one final thought  If you dont
learn how to beat your plowshares into  swords  before  they
outlaw  swords  then you sure as HELL ought to learn before
they outlaw plowshares too

                                       Chuck Hammill

                                 THE LIBERTECH PROJECT
                                 3194 Queensbury Drive
                               Los Angeles California
                                                 90064
                                          3108364157

                                    hammillnetcomcom

The above LiberTech address was updated December 1992 with the
 permission of Chuck Hammill by Russell Whitaker

Those interested in the issues raised in this piece should participate
in at least these newsgroups

                altprivacy
                altsecuritypgp
                comporgefftalk
                scicrypt

A copy of the RSAbased public key encryption program PGP 21 Pretty
Good Privacy can be obtained at various ftp sites around the world
One such site is gatedemoncouk where an MSDOS version can be had by
anonymous ftp as pgp22zip in pubpgp

Versions for other operating systems including UNIX variants
and Macintosh are also available  Source code is also
available

Heres the blurb for PGP by the way

   Quote 
PGP Pretty Good Privacy ver 22  RSA publickey encryption freeware
for MSDOS protects Email  Lets you communicate securely with people
youve never met with no secure channels needed for prior exchange of
keys  Well featured and fast  Excellent user documentation

PGP has sophisticated key management an RSAconventional hybrid
encryption scheme message digests for digital signatures data
compression before encryption and good ergonomic design  Source
code is free

Filenames  pgp22zip executable and manuals pgp22srczip sources
Keywords   PGP Pretty Good Privacy RSA public key encryption
            privacy authentication signatures email
  End Quote 

Russell Earl Whitaker                   whitakereternitydemoncouk
Communications Editor                                 AMiX RWhitaker
EXTROPY The Journal of Transhumanist Thought
Board member Extropy Institute ExI


BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE
Version 22

iQCVAgUBK922PYTj7vxxWtPAQEbkgQAsgOxCtZjdZMZuRfm05nwm2ObsoLHcFh
aHRnb6dmp1o4yxaRBO4fpRAtNMMOhn6WUSOoUJz1qqqkghfolYRuTeCdr9du
irrb7tCwndKsQCwcTIQ4cmq3HrRRTnaIWYjmfaqXPEYRODVFDXc409umVGRJb
5IgXfNgaz78
T1vu
END PGP SIGNATURE

