From dsgecrcde Douglas S Greer
Subject Research Positions in 3D Graphics Munich Germany


EUROPEAN COMPUTER RESEARCH CENTRE

Research Positions in 3D Graphics

ECRC is currently expanding its research staff in threedimensional
graphics We are looking for highly qualified researchers with a PhD in
computer science and a proven ability to conduct highly innovative
research Preference will be given to candidates who have strong
experience in developing and implementing algorithms for
threedimensional graphics visualization and user interaction We
presently have positions available for both experienced researchers and
recent graduates  Candidates with especially strong backgrounds may be
considered for positions as visiting scientists or for PhD student
research positions

The European ComputerIndustry Research Centre is located in Munich
Germany with English as the working language The centre is funded by a
consortium of major computer companies with a mission to pursue
research in fundamental areas of computer science Active areas of
research include visualization and user interfaces distributed
computing parallelism deductive systems and databases The center
employs 45 researchers of 21 different nationalities

The small but rapidly growing graphics group is currently investigating
new methods for threedimensional humancomputer interaction and the
integration of computer vision and computer graphics technology The
center has extensive computing facilities which includes Sun
workstations Apple Macintoshes a well equipped graphics laboratory and
network access to supercomputer facilities

ECRC offers competitive salaries and excellent benefits For immediate
consideration send a written application with curriculum vitae
telephone number email address and references to Douglas Greer ECRC
GmbH Arabellastrasse 17 D8000 Munich 81 Germany

