From ejbehrrs6000cmpilstuedu Eric Behr
Subject Asante ENSC hangs SCSI devices

I just hooked up my Mac IIsi to a relatively old 1 year Asante ENSC
adapter The 10BaseT connection works like a charm I installed the
newest drivers from Asantes ftp server

The problem begins when I attach one more device to the SCSI chain 
specifically a 50MB drive I power up the drive then the Mac The Mac
tests memory etc Just before the happy Mac face normally shows up the
power light on the ENSC goes out and the boot process stops So I can use
the network or the external drive but not both at once This makes the
Asante box pretty much unusable

It doesnt look like a purely electrical SCSI problem because if I turn
on the drive just a second or so too late so that it doesnt get noticed
during the initial SCSI polling the Mac boots normally and the adapter
works even though the hard disk is powered on and connected The Mac has
never once failed to boot from its internal drive up to now and Ive had
it for over a year

Here is what I tried changing the SCSI IDs of the ENSC and the disk 
several permutations changing the order of devices ie the ENSC at the
head or tail of the chain overterminating with an external terminator
both devices have internal ones underterminating ie removing internal
resistors from the hard disk trying another ENSC box trying another
identical drive trying several different SCSI cables

Has anybody seen this More importantly does anyone have a solution
Thanks a lot    E

 
Eric Behr Illinois State University Mathematics Department
behrmathilstuedu   or   behrilstubitnet  please avoid
