From bmdelanemidwayuchicagoedu brian manning delaney
Subject RESULT scilifeextension passes 23728

The vote to create the proposed group Scilifeextension was
affirmative

Yes votes    237
No votes      28

What follows is a list of the people who voted by vote no or yes

Here are the people who voted NO

baileyutpapaphutexasedu               Ed Bailey
barkdolllepomispsychupennedu          Edwin Barkdoll
msbsqcom                                Mark Brader
carracsubuffaloedu                     Dave Carr
desjccrpidaorg                        David desJardins
jbhAnatUMSMedEdu                       James B Hutchins
rskgynkocircupennedu                  Rich Kulawiec
stuvalinormythicalcom                  Stu Labovitz
lauaisricom                            Stephen Lau
plebrunminf8vubacbe                   Philippe Lebrun
jmaynardnyxcsduedu                    Jay Maynard
emcguireintellectioncom                 Ed McGuire
rickcrickssctrbcmtmcedu              Richard H Miller
smarryzooidguildorg                    Marc Moorcroft
dmoshernyxcsduedu                     David Mosher
ejokajagialaskaedu                    Eric J Olson
hmpetromosaicunccedu                   Herbert M Petro
smithunaYALEEDU                        Una Smith
mmtRedBrickCOM                          Maxime Taksar KC6ZPS
urlichssmurfsuborg                     Matthias Urlichs
ac999266umbcedu                         a Francis Uy
wernerSOEBerkeleyEdu                   John Werner
wicknetcomcom                           Potter Wickware
ggwwolvesDurhamNCUS                   Gregory G Woodbury
DWWrightbnrcouk                      D Wright
yarvinnormanCSYALEEDU                 Norman Yarvin
askcblphattcom
spm2dopalcsvirginiaedu

Here are the people who voted YES

FSSPRACAD3ALASKAEDU                    Hardcore Alaskan
kalexeecsumichedu                      Ken Alexander
ph600fhtsdcc14UCSDEDU                  Alex Aumann
franklinballuffSyntexCom               Franklin Balluff
barashumbcedu                           Mr Steven Barash
buildalanb30ingrcom               Alan Barksdale build
lionTheRatKludgeCOM                    John H Barlow
pbartoUCENGUCEDU                       Paul Barto
ryanbaynecanremcom                     Ryan Bayne
mignonshannonJplNasaGov               Mignon Belongie
beaudottirfgrenetfr                    william Beaudot
lavbliseunitno                         Olav Benum
rossbrysondemoncouk                   Ross Beresford
benbestcanremcom                       Ben Best
levihappymancom                        Levi Bitansky
jsb30dagdaEngSunCOM                   James Blomgren
gbloomnyxcsduedu                      Gregory Bloom
mbradernetcomcom                        Mark Brader
ebrandtjarthurClaremontEDU             Eli Brandt
doomlelandstanfordedu                  Joseph Brenner
rcposapanaorgau                       Robert Cardwell
jeffjcbinkleycsmcgillca               Jeffrey CHANCE
sashacsumbedu                          Alexander Chislenko
mclarkworldstdcom                      Maynard S Clark
1000422703CompuServeCOM                AJ Clifford
colemantwinsuncom                       Mike Coleman
steveconstellationecnuoknoredu        Steve Coltrin
collierivoryrtsgmotcom                John T Collier
comptonplainsNoDakedu                  Curtis M Compton 
bobcmastercnatekcom                   Bob Cook
cordellshamannexagencom                Bruce Cordell
cormierjEREUMontrealCA                 Cormier JeanMarc
djcoylemaccwiscedu                     Douglas J Coyle
dass0001studenttcumnedu               John R Dassow1
bddonionenghoucompaqcom              Bruce Davis
demonnemunixemichedu                   Kenneth Jubal DeMonn
desiletssjateslbcom                   Mark Desilets
markdscoCOM                             Mark Diekhans
kariteraconsteraconscom                Kari Dubbelman
lhdsy1cyberiahou281chevroncomhwdubuunetUUNET Dub Dublin
willdyeheliosunledu                    Will Dye
155yeganjovednetmeasurexcomjunomeasurexcom TERRY EGAN
ederhsvaicboeingcom                    Dani Eder
glennemagentaHQIleafCOM               Glenn Ellingson
farraradaclabscom                       Richard Farrar
ghsvaxhaluunetUUNET                   Hal Finney
lxfogelsrvPacBellCOM                   Lee Fogel
afoxxfoxxjacb17aingrcom               Foxx
i000702discdlamil               sam frajermansppbx3026
mpfmedglcsmitedu                      Michael P Frank
MartinFranklinCorpSunCOM              Martin Franklin
tiffCSUCLAEDU                          Tiffany Frazier
AilingZhuFreemanUERGOCSCMUEDU      Ailing Freeman
TimothyFreemanUERGOCSCMUEDU         Tim Freeman
gt0657cprismgatechedu                  geoff george
mtvdjgrivmnl                            Daniel Gijsbers
exusagexuericssonse                    Serena Gilbert
rlglendenetcomcom                Robert Lewis Glendenning
goetzcsBuffaloEDU                      Phil Goetz
goolsbydgrtpdgcom                     Chris Goolsby
dgordoncrowomnicojp                   David Gordon
bgrahameerisdemoncouk                 Robert D Grahame
sascsgunxsascom                        Cynthia Grant
greensrilankaislandCOM                 Robert Greenstein
johngoceorstedu                        John A Gregor
rogernetcomcom                          roger gregory
evansronCSYALEEDU                     Ron HaleEvans
brentvpnetchiilus                     Brent Hansen
RonGHaymedumichedu                   Ron G Hay
akhempressgvgtekcom                   Anna K Haynes
clarisqmBobHearnamesarcnasagov     Robert Hearn
fheylighvnet3vubacbe                  Francis Heylighen
hin9midwayuchicagoedu                  P Hindman
fishecasbahacnsnwuedu                 Carwil James
janzenmprgatemprca                     Martin Janzen
karpskclamonsantocom                   Jeffery M Karp
rk2elsegundocancrcom                   Richard Kelly
merklingnuaimitedu                    Ed Kemo
kessnerrintintinColoradoEDU            KESSNER ERIC M
mapamcsvwarwickacuk                   Mr R A Khwaja
koskisunsetcsutahedu                  Keith Koski
kathibridgecom                          Kathi Kramer
benkrugjupiterfnbccom                  Ben Krug
farifeskimocom                          David Kunz
edsredsdrdseluunetUUNET              Steve Langs
pahclMECENGCOENORTHEASTERNEDU        Henry Leong
SLintonpmmscamacuk                   Steve Linton
alopezcseputexasEDU                   Alejandro Lopez 6330
kflaccessdigexcom                      Keith F Lynch
KAMCHARmsuedu                           Charles MacDonald
robvistorontoedu                       Robert C Majka
philstarconncom                         Phil Marks
camjackatakraidernet                   Cameron Marshall
mmaymcdintelcom                        Mike May 
dracuumemechiilus                     Bruce Maynard
i001269discg2discdlamil               john mccarrick
xyzzyimagencom                          David McIntyre
cuhescsvwarwickacuk                   Malcolm McMahon
mcphersomacvaxUCSDEDU                  John Mcpherson
merkleparcxeroxcom                     Ralph Merkle
ericSynopsysCOM                         Eric Messick
pmetzgershearsoncom                     Perry E Metzger
gmichaelvmdcsouiucedu                 Gary R Michael
dat91masludatlthse                     Asker Mikael
MILLERLWILMAWHARTONUPENNEDU           Loren J Miller
minskymediamitedu                      Marvin Minsky
pmorrislamarColoStateEDU               Paul Morris
MarkMuhlesteinNovellCOM                Mark Muhlestein
davidstaffudcupennedu                 R David Murray
gananneymosaicunccedu                  Glenn A Nanney
anthonymeaddatacom                      Anthony Napier
dnimanpantherwinnet                    Donald E Niman
nistukunixgubcca                       Richard Nistuk
JonathanRMITEDUAU                      Jonathan ODonnell
martinogomezJplNasaGov                Martin R Olah
cpatillelandstanfordedu          Christopher Kashina Patil
crp5754erfsys01boeingcom               Chris Payne
sharonacrifr                            Sharon Peleg
phprhihiis                             Petur Henry Petersen
chrispeficom                            Chris Phoenix
pierceCSUCLAEDU                        Brad Pierce
juliusmathutahedu                      Julius Pierce
dplattcellarorg                         Doug Platt
MitchellPorterlambadaoituncedu       Mitchell Porter
cpressonjidob30ingrcom                Craig Presson
pricepricedemoncouk                   Michael Clive Price
U39554UICVMBITNET                       Edward S Proctor
stevepdeckardWorksticom               Steve Pruitt
MJQUINNPUCCBITNET                       Michael Quinn
raussnvlarmymil                        Patrick Rauss
remkecstuberlinde                     Jan K Remke
ag167yfnysuedu                         Barry H Rodin
ksackettcsuahedu                       Karl R Sackett
rcscsarizonaedu                        Richard Schroeppel
fschulzpyramidcom                       Frank Schulz
kwsThunderIslandkalamazooMIUS        Karel W Sebek
bseewaldgozeridbsuedu                  Brad Seewald
shapardmantanoscmil                    Thomas D Shapard
habsPanixCom                            Harry Shapiro
muiridiomberkeleycaus                 David Muir Sharnoff
dasherwellsfcaus                      D Anton Sherwood
zeronetcomcom                           Richard Shiflett
AP201160BROWNVMBITNET                   Elaine Shiner
robshorobshoAutotrolCOM               Robert Shock
rshverngmuvax2gmuedu                   Rob Shvern
wesiegelcie2uoregonedu                William Siegel
ggyyggmixcommixcomcom                  Kenton Sinner
bsmartbsmarttticom                     Bob Smart
tonysarielucsunimelbEDUAU            Anthony David Smith
sgccsnscitecuccitecozau               Shayne Noel Smith
dsniderbetatricitywsuedu              Daniel L Snider
snydergspotColoradoEDU                 SNYDER GARY EDWIN JR
bluperuthfullfeedcom                   Brian Arthur Stewart
lhdsy1usmi02midlandchevroncomtsfsiuunetUUNET Sigrid
Stewart
natnetcomcom                            Nathaniel Stitt
tpsbiosymcom                            Tom Stockfisch
stodolskandromedarutgersedu            David Stodolsky
gadgetdcswarwickacuk                  Steve Strong
careyCSUCLAEDU                         Carey Sublette
jsuttornetcomcom                        Jeff Suttor
swaincernapocernch                     John Swain
szabotechbookcom                        Nick Szabo
ptheriaunetcomcom                       P Chris Theriault
ak051yfnysuedu                         Chris Thompson
gunnarthoresenbiouiono                Gunnar Thoresen
dreameruxacsouiucedu                  Andrew Trapp
jerrycselblgov                         Jerry Tunis
musicparcomernetin                     Rajeev Upadhye
treonuwashingtonedu                    Treon Verdery
evoremagnusacsohiostateedu           Eric J Vore
U13054UICVMBITNET                       Howard Wachtel
susanwpiWPIEDU                         Susan C Wade
700233041CompuServeCOM                 Paul Wakfer
ewalkeritberkleeedu                    Elaine Walker
jewrtsunquestcom                       James Ward
jeremyaimitedu                         Jeremy M Wertheimer
bwws029torreypinescaNCRCOM            Bruce White 3807
weedsstrobeATCOlivettiCom             Mark Wiedman
wieselelishaCSYALEEDU                 Elisha Wiesel
WILLINGPgarunionedu                    WILLING PAUL
smwalcorconcordiaca                    Steven Winikoff
wrighthicombhicom                      David Wright
ebusewanahericssoncom                  Stephen Wright 66667
liquidxcnexusctscom                    LiquidX
xakellisuivlsislcsluiucedu            Michael G Xakellis
cs012113csbrownedu                     Ion Yannopoulos
yazzlccsdsdlocuscom                   Bob Yazz
lnzlucidcom                             Leonard N Zubkoff
62RSEnpd1ufpebr
adwyermason1gmuedu
ARTEMBLHamburgDE
atfurmancupportalcom
billwattmailattcom
carlreddragonumbcedu
carlfaimitedu
cccbbschristhompsonUCENGUCEDU
CCGARCIAMIZZOU1BITNET
claybcellarorg
dackpermanetorg
daedalusnetcomcom
danielgautodeskcom
DaveMcupportalcom
FGRIFFITHCCSVAXSFASUEDU
garciahuscharvardedu
gavhouxaattcom
hammarcsunmedu
herbisonlassieucxlkgdeccom
hhuangAthenaMITEDU
hkhensoncupportalcom
irvinghappymancom
jeckelamugwaichimeduacjp
jgsmeritedu
jmerittmentalmitreorg
JonasMartenFjallstamcupportalcom
kqbwhscad1attcom
LPOMEROYvelarasimescom
lubkinapollohpcom
kunertwustlbwustledu
LINYARDMXENOSa1logicacouk
MMichelleWrightwatsonattcom
moselecweleccanterburyacnz
naourslaeosncsuedu
ng4huscharvardedu
pase70dchapmanuwmedu
pocockmathutahedu
RUDIHSDUVicCA
SCOTTJORdelphicom
stantonidecom
stevehamicrosoftcom
stu1016DISCOVERWRIGHTEDU
SYangESAExeroxcom
timhrubyhiscom
ToddKaufmannFUSSENMTCSCMUEDU
tomgenieslhsudeledu
UC482529MIZZOU1BITNET
WMILLERclust1clemsonedu
yostmvusadobecom

The group still passes if you dont count the people for
whom I just have email address

Brian bmdelanemidwayuchicagoedu
