From deshelixnihgov David E Scheim
Subject Re Burzynskis Antineoplastons

In article jschwimmer123735362184wccnetwccwesleyanedu jschwimmerwccnetwccwesleyanedu Josh Schwimmer writes

Ive recently listened to a tape by Dr Stanislaw Burzynski in which he 
claims to have discovered a series naturally occuring peptides with anti
cancer properties that he names antineoplastons  Burzynski says that his 
work has met with hostility in the United States despite the favorable 
responses of his subjects during clinical trials

What is the generally accepted opinion of Dr Burzynskis research  He 
paints himself as a lone researcher with a new breakthrough battling an 
intolerant medical establishment but I have no basis from which to judge 
his claims  Two weeks ago however I read that the NIHs Department of 
Alternative Medicine has decided to focus their attention on Burzynskis 
work  Their budget is so small that I imagine they wouldnt investigate a 
treatment that didnt seem promising

Any opinions on Burzynskis antineoplastons or information about the current 
status of his research would be appreciated


Joshua Schwimmer
jschwimmereaglewesleyanedu

Theres been extensive discussion on the CompuServe Cancer Forum about Dr 
Burzynskis treatment as a result of the decision of a forum members father 
to undertake his treatment for brain glioblastoma  This disease is 
universally and usually rapidly fatal  After diagnosis in June 1992 the 
tumor was growing rapidly despite radiation and chemotherapy  The forum 
member checked extensively on Dr Burzynkis track record for this disease  
He spoke to a few patients in complete remission for a few years from 
glioblastoma following this treatment and to an NCI oncologist who had 
audited other such case histories and found them valid and impressive  
After the forum members father began Dr Burzynskis treatment in 
September all subsequent scans performed under the auspices of his 
oncologist in Chicago have shown no tumor growth with possible signs of 
shrinkage or necrosis

The patients oncologist although telling him he would probably not live 
past December 1992 was vehemently opposed to his trying Dr Burzynskis 
treatment  Since the tumor stopped its rapid growth under Dr Burzynskis 
treatment shes since changed her attitude toward continuing these 
treatments saying if it aint broke dont fix it

Dr Burzynski is an MD PhD with a research background who found a 
protein that is at very low serum levels in cancer patients synthesized it 
and administers it to patients with certain cancer types  There is little 
understanding of the actual mechanism of activity


                       David E Scheim                       
 BITNET none                                                      
 INTERNET deslhelixnihgov          PHONE 301 4962194         
 CompuServe 737503305                  FAX 301 4021065         
                                                                   
 DISCLAIMER These comments are offered to share knowledge based   
   upon my personal views  They do not represent the positions    
   of my employer                                                 

