From swkirchsun6850nrlnavymil Steve Kirchoefer
Subject RESULT mischealthdiabetes passes 15514

Voting for creation of the newsgroup mischealthdiabetes ended at
2359 GMT on 29 Apr 93  At this time the total response received
consisted of 155 votes for newsgroup creation and 14 votes against
newsgroup creation  Under the Guidelines for Usenet Group Creation
this response constitutes a passing vote

There will be a delay to allow time for the net to respond to this
result after which the newsgroup mischealthdiabetes should be
created

Please check the vote acknowledgement list to be sure that your vote
was received and properly credited  Any inconsistencies or errors
should be reported to swkirchsun6850nrlnavymil by email

I want to thank everyone who participated in the discussion and vote
for this newsgroup proposal

The following is the voting summary

Votes received against newsgroup creation

clineusceastcsscarolinaedu               Ernest A Cline
colemantwintwinsuncom                     Mike Coleman
ejokajagialaskaedu                       Eric J Olson
elharoshivanjitedu                        Elliotte Rusty Harold
emcguireintellectioncom                    Ed McGuire
hansenrohsuEDU
hmpetromosaicunccedu                      Herbert M Petro
jjmorrisgandalfrutgersedu                 Joyce Morris
julianbongotelecom                        Julian Macassey
knauercsuiucedu                           Rob Knauerhase
lauaisricom                               Stephen Lau
macridisgkosmoswccgovtnz                Gerry Macridis
owenscookiemonsterccbuffaloedu           Bill Owens
rickcrickssctrbcmtmcedu                 Richard H Miller

Votes received for newsgroup creation

9781BMUVMSCSDMUEDU                       Bill Satterlee
a2wjlokiccpdxedu                         Jim Williams
ac534freenetcarletonca                    Colin Henein
adcatde                                    Axel Dunkel
al198723academ07mtyitesmmx               Jesus Sanchez Pea
andreaunityncsuedu
anugulabadlandsNoDakedu                   RamaKrishna Reddy Anugula
appssneaksKodakcom                        Robert W Apps
arperd00mikukyedu                         Alicia R Perdue
baindgovonca                              Dave Bain
balamutmorrishaccom                       Morris Balamut
bchJulietCaltechEdu                       Bryan Hathorn
bernsteinnLONEXAADMINRLAFMIL            Norman P Bernstein
BGAINESollamhucdie                        Brian Gaines
bgeerbeornsimescom                       Bob Geer
BjornBLarsendelabsintefno               Bjorn B Larsen
bobwhpsadwcsadhpcom                      Bob Waltenspiel
bockVSIKP0UNIMUENSTERDE                  Dirk Bock
bruceuxbliverpoolacuk                    Bruce Stephens
bspencerbinkleycsmcgillca                Brian Spencer
claudiaLONEXAADMINRLAFMIL               Claudia ServadioCoyne
compassdacomtomdcompassdacom           Thomas Donnelly
constabiledLONEXAADMINRLAFMIL           Diane Constabile
csccoastucsdedu                           Charles Coughran
curtechsbsunhedu                          Stephanie BradleySwift
debrummbrendamsgatecorpapplecom       Brenda DeBrum
dlbfannywashinmetcom                     David Barton
dlg1midwayuchicagoedu                     Deborah Lynn Gillaspie
dougbcommmotcom                           Douglas Bank
drssunsrvr3ccicom                         Dale R Seim
dt4cshubucsbedu                          David E Goggin
edtitipuresuncom                          Edward Reid
edmoorehpvclcvcdhpcom                    Ed Moore
emilioAccurateCOM                          Elizabeth Milio
ewchplbhplhpcom                          Enrico Coiera
feathrbluejayampakzenetdeccom
frankligGASuugArizonaEDU                 Gregory C Franklin
FSSPRacad3alaskaedu
gabeangusmiorg                            Gabe Helou
gaspmedglcsmitedu                        Isaac Kohane
gavinpraxiscouk                           Gavin Finnie
GeirMillsteinTFteleno                    Geir Millstein
ggurmancoryBerkeleyEDU                    Gail Gurman
ggwwolvesDurhamNCUS                      Gregory G Woodbury
gmaletsurferwinnet                        Gary Malet
GONZALEZSUHEPPHYSYREDU                   Gabriela Gonzalez
greenlawoasysdtnavymil                   Leila Thomas
grmandrewcmuedu                          Gretchen Miller
halderccsrpiedu                           Carol Halder
HANDELAPDUVMBITNETpuccPrincetonEDU      Phil Handel
hcNyongwacamorg
heddingschrisconrlnavymil                Hubert Heddings
herbisonlassieucxlkgdeccom
HOSCH2263iscsvaxuniedu                    Kathleen Hosch
hrubinpopstatpurdueedu                   Herman Rubin
HUDSOIBAUDUCADMDUCAUBURNEDU              Ingrid B Hudson
huffMCCLB0MEDNYUEDU                      Edward J Huff
huffmaningrescom                           Gary Huffman
HUYNH1ESTDNRLNAVYMIL                    Minh Huynh
ishbeldcixcompulinkcouk                  Ishbel Donkin
JamesLangdellEngSunCOM                   James Langdell
jamieSSDintelcom                          Jamie Weisbrod
jamyersnetcomcom                           John A Myers
jccrosfieldcouk                           Jerry Cullingford
jcobbegarnetacnsfsuedu                   James Cobbe
jesupcbmvaxcbmcommodorecom               Randell Jesup
joannmhpcc01corphpcom                    JoAnn McGowan
joepdapcsiroau                            Joe Petranovic
JohnBurtonacenetauburnedu                John E Burton Jr
johnchacommmotcom
JORGENSONKECCUVCCEDU                      Keith Jorgenson
jpsum00mikukyedu                          Joey P Sum
JTMucsfvmucsfedu                          John Maynard
julienskclamonsantocom
kaminskinetcomcom                          Peter Kaminski
kerrycitruqozau                          Kerry Raymond
kieranworldstdcom                         Aaron L Dickey
kolarspotColoradoEDU                      Jennifer Lynn Kolar
kriguertcscom                              Marc Kriguer
laurieLONEXAADMINRLAFMIL                Laurie J Key
leehalcom                                  Lee Boylan
lmt6pocwruedu                             Lia M Treffman
lunieLehighEDU
lusgrchiliCCLehighEDU                    Stephen G Roseman
MBeamishinsgueduau                      Marilyn Beamish
MRichensgueduau                         Maurice H Rich
maascdfsgafnalgov                         Peter Maas
marilynLONEXAADMINRLAFMIL               Marilyn M Tucker
markvhpvcivmvcdhpcom                     Mark Vanderford
MASCHLERvmshujiacil                      Michael Maschler
mcbnetbionet                              Michael C Berch
mcdayux1csouiucedu                       Marrianne C Day
mcooksonflutecalpolyedu
melyndatitipuresuncom                     Melynda Reid
mfcisrharvardedu                          Mauricio F Contreras
mgwpiedu                                   Martha Gunnarson
mhollowalibserv1icsunysbedu              Michael Holloway
mishaabacusconcordiaca                    Misha Glouberman 
mjbcsbrownedu                             Manish Butte
MOFLNGANvax1tcdie                         Margaret O Flanagan
muiridiomberkeleycaus                    David Muir Sharnoff
NDTrebysouthamptonacuk                  N D Treby
NJCHookeydurhamacuk                    N J C Hookey
NancyBlockEngSunCOM                      Nancy Block
ndallenrnodehuborg                       Nigel Allen
nlemureecsumichedu                        Nigel Lemur
nlrB31neinihgov                          Nathan Rohrer
pamshpfcmpfchpcom                        Pam Sullivan
paprescoundergradmathuwaterlooca         Paul Prescod
paslowpcsrpiedu                           Pam Paslow
philunetumnedu                            Phil Lindberg
pillincgovonca                            Christopher Pilling
pkaneciscocom                              Peter Kane
pmmugglimidwayecnuoknoredu               Pauline Muggli
popelkaodysseusuchicagoedu                Glenn Popelka
pulkkacswashingtonedu                     Aaron Pulkka
pwatkinsmeduncedu                         Pat Watkins
rbnsnmosaicshearsoncom                    Ken Robinson
rmastenmagnusacsohiostateedu            Roger Masten
robynmediamitedu                          Robyn Kozierok
rolfgreenmathematikunistuttgartde       Rolf Schreiber
sagemancupportalcom
sasjcsunxsascom                           Joan Stout
scaspacephysicsuiowaedu                  Scott Allendorf
SCOTTJORdelphicom
scrlhplbhplhpcom
scsvectisdemoncouk                       Stuart C Squibb
shantechopscraycom                        Sharan Kalwani
shareniscnvxlmsclockheedcom              Sharen A Rund
shazamunhedu                               Matthew T Thompson
shipmancsablarcnasagov                   Floyd S Shipman
shoppaERINCALTECHEDU                      Tim Shoppa
sjsmithcsUMDEDU                           Stephen Joseph Smith
slilliecs1bradleyedu                      Susan Lillie
steveoworldstdcom                         Steven W Orr
surendarivyWPIEDU                         Surendar Chandra
swkirchsun6850nrlnavymil                 Steven Kirchoefer
SFAGANtwuedu                              Liz Fagan
TARYNARIZVM1ccitarizonaedu               Taryn L Westergaard
ThomasETaylorgagmechiilus              Thomas E Taylor
timaCFSMOHoneywellCOM                     Timothy D Aanerud
tsamuelgollumrelaynswcnavymil           Tony Samuel
U45301UICVMUICEDU                         Mary Jacobs  
vsterngtecom                               Vanessa Stern
wahlgrenhaidavanwticom                   James Wahlgren
Waldreftvtvtekcom                        Greg Waldref
waterfalpyrseaseapyramidcom              Douglas Waterfall
weineja1teomailjhuapledu
wgrantinformixcom                          William Grant
WINGBUnderdaleUniSAeduau                 Brian Wing
YEAGERmscfmedupennedu
yozzowatsonibmcom                         Ralph E Yozzo
ysharmayamunab11ingrcom                  Yamuna Sharma
Z919016beachutmbedu                       Molly Hamilton
zuluiesdaucdk                             Bjoern U Gregersen

The charter for mischealthdiabetes appears below
 

 
Charter  
 
mischealthdiabetes                            unmoderated
 
1   The purpose of mischealthdiabetes is to provide a forum for the
discussion of issues pertaining to diabetes management ie diet
activities medicine schedules blood glucose control exercise
medical breakthroughs etc  This group addresses the issues of
management of both Type I insulin dependent and Type II noninsulin
dependent diabetes  Both technical discussions and general support
discussions relevant to diabetes are welcome
 
2   Postings to mischeathdiabetes are intended to be for discussion
purposes only and are in no way to be construed as medical advice
Diabetes is a serious medical condition requiring direct supervision
by a primary health care physician  
 
end of charter
 
Steve Kirchoefer                                             202 7672862
Code 6851                                      kirchoeferestdnrlnavymil
Naval Research Laboratory                       Microwave Technology Branch
Washington DC  203755000              Electronics Sci and Tech Division
